OK
The time to leave the incense is coming soon
You really don't have much time left.
Bunch of trash
It seems that these three continents are no longer wanted
I thought I could do anything
A mob
Million Heroes Behind
He's not a problem after all
Boy you pissed me off
You have no chance when the time is up.
Did the money really start?
It's over, it's over, don't panic
What bullshit money
A small earthquake in a country scares you like this
Bunch of trash
God's sending me to wait is your greatest curse
That's right, we are my orders from heaven
The eagle dispatched 8,000 troops to Beiye
Attack this place
Beiyan Fanbing
Every Beiyan Frenzied Soldier
It's all with one death to one hundred
Are you guys going to give a bad review of this place?
Where are the Dongyi barbarians?
Who is that?
Murder by invisible Dongyi barbarians
And my 850 is right outside the door.
As long as I give the order
How many of you women can struggle?
All must die saintess
How can this be?
Ancestor Beiyan Frenzy
Dongyi barbarians
Southern Cavalry Martial Artists are not fun
Why don't we leave first, a while ago
You are stubborn when you are about to come
Why haven't you been emotional yet?
Where's my samurai?
report
Eight thousand soldiers of Yan State have died in the landslide